README.md: Add a link to the manual (#2031)
ocaml-ppx/ocamlformat: README.md

OCamlFormat works by parsing then outputting again the same OCaml source file in a consistent style.

> Read the [manual](https://v3.ocaml.org/p/ocamlformat/0.21.0/doc/index.html) to learn more about OCamlFormat!

Reviewer: This is a better link I think:
```suggestion
Read the [documentation](https://v3.ocaml.org/p/ocamlformat) to learn more about OCamlFormat!
```
It doesn't specify the version (it redirects to the latest version) and show the important things: README, opam info, homepage
